Get rid of allow + -ing (#5045)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/groupPanel/groupPanel.md

#####See Also#####
- [Grouping](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/DataGrid/45%20Grouping '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Grouping/')
- **grouping**.[contextMenuEnabled](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/grouping/contextMenuEnabled.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/grouping/#contextMenuEnabled') - enables the user to group data using the context menu.

> - **columns[]**.[allowGrouping](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/allowGrouping.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#allowGrouping') - disallows to group an individual column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **columns[]**.[allowGrouping](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/allowGrouping.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#allowGrouping') - disables group operations for an individual column.
```
